"First, I think you said about the devotion, and devotion is definitely a conception. It's a
conception of devotion. But there is, again, as long as we have dualities, there are good dualities
and bad dualities. And we should always do good dualities.
What is good duality is something benefit to us, benefit for others, something bring joy and peace
happiness to us, and joy and peace to others. That is good dualities. We should do that. We should
work."
"And this is also not just devotion, also both each other. These are conceptions in this. Generally
, both each other has two dualities. Everything in the Buddha's teachings is two dualities, two dual
ities, ultimate devotions, true devotions, ultimate devotions, and absolute both each other,
relative to both each other, so-called that. But relative to both each other is also conceptions,
all this."
"But as well as also performing the marriage activities, all these conceptions, accumulated the
marriage and so-called this. This we need to do until we go beyond the dualities. Until we went
beyond the dualities."
"For that reason, the great Master, the Lord, I said to Naropa, son, until you got the realization
of the unborn, don't give up the two merits. Don't give up two merits."
"The reality level, what is two merits? It's the dualities. The reality level is dualities. The
duality is dualities. And nature is beyond the dualities. It's all that, natural status. But this
devotion is, again, of course, another good duality. This duality will lead us to beyond dualities
."
"This is like, as always said, homopedic medicines. Homopedic duality will take care of the other
dualities."
"So this devotion and all this will take care of the un-not good dualities. And that's why also
when the teaching said, as, as, in the teaching said, as, as iron will cut iron, as iron will stop
the iron, duality will stop the duality."
"That's the teaching said, that too. So this is using that technique, well, brain, that realization
."
"And now for that, again, say that when we do the devotion, it's using objects. But this time, for
example, devotion, what, how we do?"
"This isn't it, we practice every day." "That we regulate Buddha, Gautam Mahasamma, in the poem of
'Ordi Dordi' in the teaching said, which is embodiment of all the lineage masters."
"Embodiment of all the Buddhas come one single state as 'Ordi Dordi' right in front of us, and that
is object of our devotions."
"To that object, we feel tremendous joy, tremendous appreciation, and tremendous love, longing,
longing thought, thought without any doubt and hesitations."
"And now, what we let to be? We let to be exactly that dharmakaya, that vedadara, dharmakaya vedad
ara, sambhokaya vedadara, namakaya vedadara, and that, that's what we like to become."
"And stand giant, giant is the call of devotion, giant is the call of joy, giant is the call of
love, giant is the call of appreciation, giant is the call of free from the doubt and hesitation."
"And as a day, skeptical, we like to open ourselves, we like to be that, we like to be as it is, we
like to become vedasamana vedadara, with that, only, failing thought, and then, giant, and pray,
and bless it, and finally, where that worked, and then, merge it back to your nature of the mind."
"And then relax, relax, and this is what in the teaching said, devotion is so important, and for
those reasons, always in the teaching said, said, in the practice of lineage, and in Yuma and Akkad
u, everyone said that when you have the, if you like to get the realization, devotion is really
important, not just only that Akkadu, but the Buddha said, again and again, again and again."
"In Buddha said, in the Pāṇḍa Pāṇḍa of other teaching, O Shāri Pottara, if you like to
get the realization, be devoted."
"Even Buddha said, devotion is a door to get the realization, or door to get the realization of
absolute truth."
"So therefore, devotion is really important, and the teaching said always, again and again, again
and again, and then along with both each other, along with that."
"But generally, when you get the realization, realization devotion is there, your own appreciation
."
And what that great master, again, what great master, the Kithiramoyu always said that, "Great
Master Malarepa said to this great, his disciple, one of the great disciples, 'Gambhava, when they
're departing, finally departing, departing.'"
And what the Gambhava asked to Malarepa, "When I should start helping to the other beings, or begin
to teaching to the others, when I should do that?"
This great master Malarepa said, "Son, when you have seen Pāda as living Buddha, that's the time
you should start teaching."
That also means devotion. When you have that state of that, then you have the realization perfectly
as it is.
So this, of course, is a conception there. But however, this conception is nothing else.
We're talking the display of Dhānakāya. When you get the realization, conception is nothing bad.
The concept is a part of the display. But the Kṛṣṇa being clean, that is the interfering of
that qualities.
So that is Kṛṣṇa's about, I think, devotion, hopefully that.